Uninstall: add note about removal of istio-system ns (#7151)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/getting-started/index.md

## Uninstall

The uninstall deletes the RBAC permissions and all resources hierarchically
under the `istio-system` namespace. It is safe to ignore errors for non-existent
resources because they may have been deleted hierarchically.

{{< text bash >}}
$ istioctl manifest generate --set profile=demo | kubectl delete -f -
{{< /text >}}

> The `istio-system` namespace is not removed for safety reasons. If you desire

Reviewer: What safety reasons?

Reviewer: Please clarify. Maybe something like this? Is this right?
```suggestion
The `istio-system` namespace is not removed so you can inspect the contents, in case the previous command didn't function as expected. If you desire
```

Author: It may contain other data from the users, beyond those that were installed by the installer. It's a good practice not to remove a namespace. If the user wants to do that, they still can do it, manually.

Author: Done, thanks.

Reviewer: I see. In that case, I'd suggest simpler wording. See below.

## Uninstall

The uninstall deletes the RBAC permissions and all resources hierarchically
under the `istio-system` namespace. It is safe to ignore errors for non-existent
resources because they may have been deleted hierarchically.

{{< text bash >}}
$ istioctl manifest generate --set profile=demo | kubectl delete -f -
{{< /text >}}

> The `istio-system` namespace is not removed so you can inspect the contents,
> in case the previous command didn't function as expected. If you desire
> you can remove it as an additional uninstall step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The control plane namespace (e.g. `istio-system`) is not removed by default.
If no longer needed, use the following command to remove it:
```
